# CS-370-Final-Project

This project is the final project for SNHU CS-370 Current/Emerging Trends in Computer Science, and tasked us with fine tuning an algorithm that used an intelligent agent to solve a maze before a human player could complete the problem. This was a pathfinding problem that used a deep Q-learning algorithm to task a "pirate" to find the treasure using reinforcement learning to try many different paths through the maze before finding the best possible path to the treasure. I took the pseudocode in the project to fine tune the algorithm to choose the best action forward in the maze until it reached an obstacle, and then reset and use that learned experience from the prior trys to drive the pirate towards the treasure. 

This project was a great experience in learning how to manipulate real world issues in computer science in develop modern algorithms to reach project goals. In the computer science field we are tasked with providing creative responses to complex issues using new and unique methods to meet ever evolving needs in new applications, and this course was great experience in using sound logic to meet these goals. As computer science developers, our jobs will never be straight forward, and being able to come up with efficient ways to meet project demands in new applications will help us drive innovation. I found myself considering my own experience in solving issues like the pirate treasure maze and using that to craft my logic in solving this issue, and this extends to other issues in the computer science field. When using AI and deep learning algorithms, I have to consider how any user data is used by the developer to meet project goals and being cognizant of that while using all available assets to find the best solution.
